gh workflow to validate formatting (#187)
aerleon/aerleon: CONTRIBUTING.md

## Code Style and Formatting
We have adopted [Black](https://github.com/ambv/black) as our code formatter. This takes a lot of guesswork out of formatting our code. The code we forked from adopted the [Google Python Style Guide](https://google.github.io/styleguide/pyguide.html) which we still adopt where it does not conflict with Black. Generally this means following the [Language Rules](https://google.github.io/styleguide/pyguide.html#s2-python-language-rules) while ignoring the [Style Rules](https://google.github.io/styleguide/pyguide.html#s3-python-style-rules)

> In additiona to Black [isort](https://pycqa.github.io/isort/) as been added to sort and format import lines.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In addition to Black [isort](https://pycqa.github.io/isort/) has been added to sort and format import lines.
```
